---
layout:     post
title:      "Email常见开头语和结束语"
subtitle:   ""
date:       2015-06-23 22:00:00
author:     "Jay jiang"
category:     English
header-img: "img/post-bg-01.jpg"
---
##Email 常见开头语  
1.I am writing to ask about the conference to be held in New York next week.  
2.We learint from your Email that you are interested in oour products and would like to establish business relationship with us.  
3.We are pleased(glad) to inform you that…  
4.I must apologize for replying to you so late.  
5.May I take the liberty of mailing you and confirming some points?  
6.I regret for being unable to attend your banquet on Friday.  
7.I am very excited and delighted ar your good news.  
8.Many thanks for your….  
9.Your letter that arrived today gave me great comfort.  
10.First of all, I must thank you for your kind assistance and high attention to me.  
11.With great delight, I learnt from your letter of this Sunday that…  
12.I regret for being unable to reply to your letter earlier due to pressure of work.  
13.I hope you will excuse me for this late reply to your kind letter.  
14.I must apologize for not being able to reply to your kind letter until today.  
15.Owing to busy work, I have not been able to reply to your letter earlier for which I must apologize.  

##Email 常见结束语  
1.We look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience.  
2.Please let me know if you want more information.  
3.Any other particulars wanted, we shall be pleased to send you.  
4.I wish you every success in the coming year.  
5.Hoping to receive to your early reply, we remain.  
6.Expectiing your immediate response.  
7.I hope to hear from you very soon.  
8.Thank you very much for your consideration.  
9.With love and good wishes.  
10.I appreciate for your immediate reply, thanks once more!  
11.Please let me know if you require further information.  
12.I am always glad to be of serving to you.  
13.With thanks and regards.  
14.Please do not hesitate to contact me if you…  